    HOME       ABOUT US       SERVICES       OFFERS        FAQS      WHAT CLIENTS SAYS      CONTACT US

About Us

reasons of our existence

Welcome to Palanca Safari & Travel. We are a Tour and Travel company founded on passion:
 a passion for providing people a memorable moments, a passion for wildlife and a passion 
 for places & landscapes of Angola and the world.

Affordability
We plan tailor-made holidays and itineraries to suit your exacting requirements at a 
price that is guaranteed to cost you less than when you book your trip and holiday direct
 with us.

Best Destinations
Our team of expert travel and tour consultants have extensive first-hand knowledge of 
all the top destinations, hotels and lodges in Africa and around the globe.

Fast and efficient service
Palanca Safari & Travel has rapidly become Angola's leading tour operator bringing thousands
 of guests to Angola and taking even more to other parts of the world.

Accommodation
We choose the best hotels, lodges and camps in major towns and in the Game Parks.
 Each thoughtfully chosen to reflect our own high standards and the spirit of the itinerary.

Personal Services
Our Tour Guides and representatives meet clients at the airport and similarly see them
 off on departure. At the Hotel, a knowledgeable host or hostess will assist with their 
 check-in and briefing.

Picks ups and Drops
We pick you up and drop you at your residence for all our international packages and we 
take you to the best destinations in the globe and ensure you have flawless memorable 
holiday.

Environmental Conservation
Palanca Safari & Travel concerned about the environmental issues eroding the fragile 
wildlife ecosystems around the world, and in this regard fully support goals, programs
 and efforts of recognized conservations institutions.

Passion
We are passionate on providing memorable moments to people and our guests, a passion for 
wildlife and a passion for places & landscapes of Angola and the world. Founded in 2024,
 Palanca Safari & Travel has rapidly become Angola's leading tour and travel operator.

OUR SERVICES
Welcome to Palanca Safari & Travel. We are a Tour and Travel Company founded on passion:
 a passion for providing people a memorable moment, a passion for wildlife and a passion for 
 places & landscapes of Angola and the world.

WILDLIFE SAFARIS
The National Parks, Game Reserves and Conservancies are home to a large number of wildlife
 that roam freely in their natural habitat where each park is unique as it offers different 
 species of flora and fauna. We offer game drives while on Safari where you have the chance 
 to view and learn more about their livelihood.

BEACH HOLIDAYS
Palanca Safari & Travel handles Beach Holidays in Luanda’s Island, Mussulo Island, 
Sangano Beach, Cabo Ledo Beach, Sumbe Beach, the 5 Benguela’s Beach (Restinga Beach, 
Praia Morena Beach, Baia Azul Beach, Caotinha Beach and Baia Farta), Pipas Beach in Namibe 
Province; Mombasa in Kenya, Zanzibar in Tanzania, Maldives and other parts of the globe. 
A Beach Holiday is the best way to relax after a Safari where you can enjoy Sea, Sun and 
sand. Experience exciting excursions like City Tours, Fishing, Deep Sea Diving, Snorkeling,
 Dolphins Trips, Motorized Water Sports beach walks.

MOUNTAIN SAFARIS
Palanca Safari & Travel arranges treks for high altitude adventures to Morro do Moco and 
other in Angola. Our packages suit every climber’s quest from amateur climbers to professional
 climbers. The duration depends on the route selected.

SCENIC SAFARIS
Africa is a destination with natural scenic beauty that lies all over the continent. 
The scenic beauty is breathtaking and it ranges from the Mira-Douro da Lua, Rolling Savannah
 hills, Mountains, Plateaus, Desert Regions, Fresh Water Lakes, Forested Areas.

ACTIVITY PACKAGES
Palanca Safari & Travel thrilling packages for clients who are interested in adventures 
and exciting experiences. We have recently launched some adventure packages that caters 
for clients looking to experience pure adventure i. e water rafting, fishing in the wild,
 Walk Safari, Horse Back Safari, a Bike Safari and Zip lining. 

MICE (Meetings, incentives, conferencing, exhibitions)
It is suitable for companies, clubs and organizations. Angola is a preferred destination 
where our facilities do a complete array of fully equipped conferencing facilities. Our 
itineraries vary whereby we offer team building activities.

BIRDLIFE SAFARIS
Africa is highly rated in the world with birdlife collection and has over 2500 
species in different habitats i.e. ranging from Montane Forests to Savannah grasslands.
 The huge variety of birds is made possible by lack of climatic extremes. Every park is
  habitat to a good collection of birdlife.

AIR SAFARIS
Palanca Safari & Travel arranges flying Safaris for clients who would like to experience 
adventure but with a touch of luxury. Scheduled flights depart from Luanda with a timetable
 and connecting different Parks across the country or alternatively private charters can be 
 arranged.
